[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey there, Polycasters.
Rob, here.
Today on the show we're going to
be continuing our series on Web
Component Tester by
looking at Travis
CI, and continuous
integration with Sauce Labs.
A lot of fancy buzz words
there, but basically,
what I'm describing
is testing your site
on multiple browsers
in the cloud.
So, to do that, first thing
that we're going to do
is set up Travis CI.
Now, if you've never
heard of Travis CI before,
you may have actually
seen it and not known it.
Oftentimes, you go
to GitHub repos,
and they have these
little green badges
that say "bill passing,"
that's Travis CI.
It's a little service that
lets you run unit tests up
in the cloud.
Now, one of the cool
things about Travis
is that it can sort of
work with other services,
and one of those services that
we're going to couple it with
is called Sauce Labs.
Now, Sauce Labs'
whole thing is letting
you run your test
against multiple browsers
on different VMs.
So, imagine being able to test
Windows, Internet Explorer
10, and also iOS, and
also old Android browser,
all using the same service.
That's what Sauce
Labs gives you.
So, today, we're going to be
kind of combining both of those
to verify that our
components work really
well on different platforms.
Now, the first thing
we're going to do
is set up our Travis account.
So, here, I've already
gone and registered
and everything like that.
And what I want to
do is go over to up
on the top right,
where it says Accounts.
Click on that, that'll take
you to this page, here.
And there's some
steps that it outlines
for setting up your account
to work with Travis.
The first is going and finding
your repo in there, and just,
like, flipping that little
switch to enable your repo.
Then, you're going
to need to set up
a little travis.yml
configuration file.
And that's basically just to
give Travis instructions, like,
hey, what do I do when
you push new code, right?
The last thing
you're going to do
is just trigger a bill by
doing a regular old git push.
So, for these tests, we're going
to be using a set of elements
that I've already created,
called chart elements.
So, let's go find
those in the list.
[MOUTH NOUSE]
There they are.
We're going to flip
this switch right here.
And that is basically it.
Now we've linked Travis
to this GitHub repo.
So when I'm pushing
new code, it's
going to-- if there's a
configuration file-- tell
Travis to do a
bunch of cool stuff.
And the next thing I want to
do is go over to Sauce Labs
and create my Sauce account.
Saucy.
Sauce has a section on their
website called Open Sauce.
And basically, what they do
is they give free accounts
to folks who are doing
open source software,
which is maybe
you, in this case.
I'll include a link to this
down in the description,
so you don't have to
hunt around for it.
You go to that page, and if
you scroll down to the bottom
there, you're going
to see a little button
for creating your account.
Click on that.
It'll take you through a pretty
typical flow for setting up
your own Sauce account.
And once you're done, it's going
to take you to a dashboard that
looks kind of like this.
Now, the really important
thing in this dashboard,
is down there in
the bottom left,
you've got this little
access key, right?
So, I'm going to blur
that out in this video,
so you can't see mine, but
yours will not be blurred.
Get that access key, save
it to your clipboard,
because we're going to
use that in just a sec.
The next thing
that we want to do
is figure out what browsers
do we want to test.
So.
If we go to the Sauce
Labs wiki, and I'll
include a link to that in
the description as well.
You can see that there's a whole
host of different browsers,
different version numbers,
different platforms--
right-- all of these are
available for us to test upon.
So, we could test Android, we
could test Chrome or Firefox,
we could test on
Windows or Vista or Mac
or what have you, right?
All these are available.
So I'm just going to go through
and kind of pick a few of these
that we can use in
our application.
Next, we'll go to the Web
Component Tester website,
and we'll look at the
Read Me file, which has
a little section on plugins.
Now, Web Component Tester
ships with a Sauce Labs plugin,
so we can just copy this little
block of JavaScript right here,
go over to our text
editor, paste that
in, in a web components conf
JSON file, so wct.conf.Json,
right.
So, we're going to do plugins,
Sauce browsers, and inside
of browsers, I'm just
going to go ahead and chuck
in a whole bunch
of these browsers
that I grab from
the Sauce Labs wiki.
So, I've got Microsoft
Edge on Windows 10--
there's no version number
because that's an evergreen
browser-- but just
below that, we've
got Internet Explorer running
version 11 on Windows 8.1.
And it's really awesome
that you have just all
of these different
platforms available to you.
If you're a Windows user, maybe
don't have access to a Mac,
then we can test on Safari on
different versions of OS X,
right, very cool stuff there.
Once I've got that
squared away, I'm
going to go back to
the Polymer/tools repo.
Inside of here, there's
a sample Travis file
and a bunch of steps
that'll outline
how we get things working
with Travis and Sauce Labs.
So, going down here, there's
a list of the different Travis
commands that you can do.
We've actually done
all of these already,
but you have them here
again for reference.
And then we're going to go down
to the section that says Web
Component Tester with Sauce.
Right?
So, there's a few items
here that we need to tackle.
The first is, we need to
grab this sample Travis file.
And then, we're going to need
to install the Travis Ruby gem.
And lastly, we're going to
run these two commands here
to encrypt our Sauce Labs info.
So, we're going to go grab this
Travis file, Travis with Sauce,
and-- I'm just going
to go to raw mode,
hit enhance, enhance,
enhance-- OK.
And now it is nice
and ginormous.
I'll paste that
into my text editor.
Mmm.
Boop.
Now, this is a lot of codes.
What's going on here?
Let's walk through
these piece by piece.
Up at the top, the first
thing that I'm doing
is, I'm just telling Travis
what environment to run in.
Travis can run all sorts
of different environments.
Here, I'm just saying I
want it to be node js.
I want it to run the most
stable version of node.
And I don't want it to call
sudo or do anything like that.
Next, I'm telling
Travis what browsers
I want it to install locally.
Now, you don't have to do this
part-- this part is optional--
but I just thought it would
be kind of a cool thing
to include.
Travis itself has access
to a couple browsers,
if you want to try and test,
like, Firefox or Chrome, just
there locally.
So, I'm actually putting
in these commands.
This will install those on
Travis, so we have them.
And then below that,
there's this little block
called before_scripts.
So, this is all the
codes that's going to run
before I kick off my test.
And this is-- basically,
it's all the preamble
to set up and prep the VM.
So, I'm installing
Web Component Tester.
I'm installing bower.
I'm exporting the path to
the node modules binaries
for Web Component Tester.
And I'm also going
and calling bower
install to install
all of my components.
So, that is going to
set everything up.
Now the environment is primed.
The last thing that
we're going to do
is call these two
scripts down here.
And you might be
looking at these,
being like, whoa, I have no
idea what any of that does.
Let me decipher it a little bit.
That first line that says
xvfb-run wct, that basically
says, hey, on Travis,
just here locally,
I want to run Web
Component Tester,
and that's actually going to
test those two browsers that I
installed: local Firefox
and local Chrome.
The line after that is
going to check to see
if this was a pull request.
If it was not, if we just,
like, pushed some code to GitHub
or something like
that, then it's
going to run our
test in Sauce Labs,
using that whole
huge list of browsers
that I wrote out before.
Now, to make this work
exactly as we specced it out,
I'm going to need to add a
couple flags to these commands.
This first line here, I'm going
to add the skip-plugin sauce
command, and the
second line below, I'll
add the skip-plugin
local command.
Basically, what that means is,
when we're testing in Travis,
we only want to use
the local browsers.
When we're testing
in Sauce Labs,
we only want to use that list of
browsers that we defined there.
Everything is square, let's now
go and set up our Sauce keys,
and this is going to lead us to,
sort of, secure communication
back and forth between
Travis and Sauce Labs.
I've already gone ahead and
installed the Travis gem,
and if you have not done that,
you can run gem install Travis.
And then call travis encrypt.
You're passing your Sauce
user name and the add flag,
and then travis encrypt,
passing your Sauce access key
and do the add flag
there, as well.
And that's going to write all
those values to your YML file.
You can actually go back and
verify that you've got these,
like, big secure
blocks of hashes.
This means you're
square, you're set up,
and now you can actually start
working with Travis and Sauce.
Go back to our
terminal, and we're
going to run git add, git
commit, and, lastly, git push.
We're just going to-- pew--
send all that code up there,
and then we can
switch over to Travis,
and we can actually watch all
of our tests running against all
these different browsers live.
So, you can just sit there
and watch the output,
as it runs Chrome 47, Firefox,
et cetera, right-- those
are those local browsers
that Travis already has.
And then if we let
it keep running,
now we'll start to
see Windows 10, OS X,
this is now it
talking to Sauce Labs,
kicking off all these other
browsers in the cloud.
And you can see that
all of our tests
are passing there, as well.
Saucy.
That is the basics of
setting up Travis and Sauce.
It is a great approach
to take, if you
want to go ahead and figure out
if your components are working
well in a cross-browser fashion.
There's a lot more that I
want to cover on these topics,
so if there's things
that maybe you're
interested in seeing, please
leave us a comment down below.
Let us know what you
want to talk about.
Also, consider clicking
that Like button
or the Subscribe button, if
you want to see more of me.
If you want to ping
us on a social network
of your choosing,
you can send us
some questions at #AskPolymer.
As always, thank you
so much for watching,
and I'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[HANDS CLAPPING]
I'm doing, like, a
cheerleader hand dance.
[SNAPPING]